EZP-30744: Rewrite Public API description (#689)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/public_php_api.md

# Public PHP API

The Public PHP API enables you to interact with eZ Platform's Repository and content model from your PHP code.

You can use it to create, read, update, manage and delete all objects available in eZ Platform:
content and related objects such as Sections, Locations, Content Types, languages, etc.

The PHP API is built on top of a layered architecture, including a persistence SPI that abstracts storage.
Using the API ensures your code will be forward compatible with future releases based on other storage engines.

!!! tip

>     For more information see a [presentation about eZ Platform APIs](https://alongosz.github.io/ezconf2018-api/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information see a [presentation about eZ Platform API.](https://alongosz.github.io/ezconf2018-api/)
```

For example, to [hide a Location](public_php_api_locations.md#hideunhide-location), use:

``` php
use eZ\Publish\API\Repository\Repository;

$hiddenLocation = $repository->sudo(function (Repository $repository) use ($location) {
    return $repository->getLocationService()->hideLocation($location);
});
```

### Setting the Repository user

In a command line script, the Repository runs as if executed by the anonymous user.
While [using `sudo()`](#using-sudo) is the recommended option,
you can also set the current user to a user with necessary permissions to achieve the same effect.

In order to identify as a different user, you need to use the `UserService` together with `PermissionResolver`
(in the example `admin` is the login of the administrator user):

``` php
$permissionResolver = $repository->getPermissionResolver();
$user = $userService->loadUserByLogin('admin');
$permissionResolver->setCurrentUserReference($user);
```

This is not required in template functions or controller code,
as the HTTP layer takes care of identifying the user, and automatically sets it in the repository.

> If you want to identify a user with their credentia ls instead, provide them in the following way:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to identify a user with their credentials instead, provide them in the following way:
```

> If you want to identify a user with their credentia ls instead, provide them in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to identify a user with their credentials instead, provide them in the following way:
```
